RHIDP-3401 - Release notes for release 1.3 (#559)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/snip-enhancement-rhidp-2790.adoc

[id="enhancement-rhidp-2790"]

> = Update to Backstage 1.29

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Update to Backstage {product-backstage-version}
```

> With this update, Backstage was updated to version 1.29.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, Backstage was updated to version {product-backstage-version}.
```
